Link to a list of distros instead of one specific distro (#207)
mhagger/git-imerge: README.md

    $ pip install git-imerge

or using `setup.py` if you have downloaded the source package locally:

    $ python setup.py install

> `git-imerge` is also available to install from several distro
> [packages](https://repology.org/project/git-imerge/versions).

Reviewer: I'm not sure most people would describe a Homebrew formula as a distro package. Perhaps we could reword this slightly to make the breadth of options clearer? For example:

```suggestion
`git-imerge` is also available to install from
[package managers](https://repology.org/project/git-imerge/versions)
on several platforms.
```
